Codd: Subconscious is motivated by emotion right? Not reason.
*Suspensefull music is playing*
*Binder lands on the table*
Codd: We need to find a way to translate this into an emotional concept.
*Chair bonks on the floor*
Arthur: How do you translate a buisness strategy into an emotion?
*Binder dropping on table*
Codd: Thats what we're here to figure out right.
Codd: Now Robert's relationship with his father is stressed to say the least.
Eames: Can we run with that?
Eames: We could suggest to him breaking up his fathers company as a 'skrew you' to the old man.
Codd: No 'cause I think positive emotion trumps negative emotion every time.
Codd: We all hear for reconciliation or catharsis.
Codd: We need Robert Fisher to have a positive emotional reaction to all of this
*Taps on table*
Eames: Alright, we'll try this uhm
Eames: My father accepts that I want to create for myself, not follow in his footsteps.
*Steps on floor*
Codd: That might work.
Arthur: Might?
Arthur: We are gonna need to do a little better than might.
*Scarcastic tone*
Eames: Oh, thank you for your contribution Arthur
Arthur: Forgive me for wanting a little specificity Eames.
Arthur: Specificity
Codd: Inception's not about being specific
Codd: When we get inside is mind, we're gonna have to work with what we find.
*Something big dropping*
Eames: On the top level, we open up his relationship with his father and say,
Eames: “I will not follow in my father’s footsteps.”
*City unfolds, wire under tension breaking sound*
*Something big dropping again*
Eames: Then the next level down we feed him,
Eames: “I will create something for myself.”
Eames: Then by the time we hit the bottom level we bring out the big guns.
Codd: "My father doesn't want me to be him".
Eames: Exactly